I tried various methods in finding the total occurrences of particular words in lines from a text file. My first intuitive approach was using Regex, but I knew this was slower and more memory inefficient compared to other solutions. Using regex for this simple task is also pretty overkill in general as it was simple enough to be able to be done in a lot of other ways.

The solution I found that ended up being the fastest (on my PC at least) when benchmarked was using IndexOf. Usually this method is used to find the first instance of a specified item in a string. We can use this by using a while loop, for each time it finds the substring inside the line we add it to our counter and then search from the index just above the index where it found it. This is so it doesn't keep finding the same substring over and over. IndexOf has the property where if no instances of the substring could be found from the index, then it returns -1. We can use this as a condition to escape the while loop and work on the next line from the text document.

While this solution was faster than my regex solution and used less memory, it isn't perfect. If the word specified is inside other words, then it's possible for this IndexOf method to count it despite it not being on it's own. For example if you were looking for the word "an", it would count it inside "banana" twice.

Unfortunately my solution had the mistake of not generalising the case of the text documents when searching for words (Uppercase/Lowercase). For some reason I thought when searching for "Bacon" it should return all "Bacon"s and no "bacon"s, however this is not the case with the main question received. This is updated in the latest commit to now work with the main solution. Also added is a testing class for me to be able to test it quickly, however this isn't exactly best practice for coding.
